[Mailer] Fix attachment changes (#18765)
symfony/symfony-docs: mailer.rst

.. deprecated:: 6.2

    In Symfony versions previous to 6.2, the method ``attachPart()`` could be

>     used to add attachments. These methods have been deprecated and replaced

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    used to add attachments. This method has been deprecated and replaced
```
?
